Added info on Restaurant, Weather, and Google Search (#93)
ritwik12/Virtual-Assistant: README.md

# Restaurant
  Virtual Assistant can find restaurants in an area.

>   Enter an area for the Virtual Assistant to search (EX: New York). Virtual Assistant will then search for several restaurants and display them for the user; showing name, address, rating, pricing, and if the restaurant is currently open. At the moment the assistant can only show general information and cannot provide ways to contact the restaurant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enter a location for the Virtual Assistant to search (Eg: New York). Virtual Assistant will then search for several restaurants in that area and display them for the user. It will display name, address, rating, pricing, and current status of the restaurant (open/closed).

```
$ sudo yum install curl
```

> Ask the Virtual Assistant to tell you the weather forecast.  After entering a location for the assistant to search for it will display the current weather, as well as a chart showing weather predictions for the next several days.  Each day shown will give a general prediction for the morning, noon, evening, and night forecasts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask the Virtual Assistant to give you the weather forecast.  After entering a location for the assistant to search for, it will display the current weather, as well as a tabular result showing weather predictions for the next several days.  Each day shown here will give a general prediction for the morning, noon, evening, and night forecasts.
```

# Google Search

Virtual assistant can search anything on Google.

> Ask the Virtual Assistant to search on Google.  The assistant will ask the user what to search for, after entering the search criteria the assistant will open a web browser and search for what the user has inputted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask the Virtual Assistant to search on Google.  The assistant will ask the user what to search for, after entering the search criteria the assistant will open a web browser and search for what the user has given as an input.
```
